all right yes it's actually the fourth
Heimerdinger game it can go watch the
other ones but you want so yes this is
jungle Heimerdinger just letting you
guys know that but shoe it's just where
the fans again and you go to the stream
and watch it you tend to be able to play
with me it was a tech dammit right
attention average pants because this
account has nothing else I'm real magic
sistance blues and I don't remember the
masteries i think it was 21 90 anyways
they don't try to invade me so oh yeah
they have a trigger booth Greg but you
know we'll see who you know the more
advanced science so I go blue and red
pretty much all there is to it was
during behind rooting here but there's
one little thing that hibernator does
best he sucks ass taking but he's
ridiculous he started countered ganking
which is what I'm waiting to do here cuz
the best friends about the spot jump in
once LeBlanc goes in memory of the
screen comes out I throw grenade at him
but she throws her slow at him then put
down hurts and he takes a shit ton of
damage and dies this is the other thing
I heimerdinger is good at and we all
know this pushing relentlessly and
making everybody's life hell so I
encourage the LeBlanc and to help me
push so we just start pushing though
without any pirouz or anything my shirts
aren't exactly the strongest thing I
they're out there we're just you know
damaging walla walla bing just our i
think the Blitz we can do and of course
this means i am also reaching experience
but the LeBlanc does well regard I mean
I LeBlanc being free from Midland soon
as she hits level 6 is a good thing no
she's not level sex right now that said
go back to farming wants to get level 6
I hope to continuously push I wear blue
has not spawn it's not closest puns
about a minute away so much is warded
just I could steal it later I go with on
the bottom however bought my grenade
would have probably hit the enemy Thresh
but my Thresh you know locked him away
from it now she knows it's thought that
the game fails saying there we kind of
fucked that up there and using her
abilities anyways I go try to start blue
i put the wah turd behind the wall just
in case vega came in and
be shut down by it before he got close
Iowa we chill vinegar so it's all worth
it I don't get any goddamn fucking
experience though or anything we try to
stop blitzcrank but we fail smite and
also let's get anything despite that go
back by a chalice because the mana
regeneration is the most important thing
on Heimerdinger I thought of getting
teary of the goddess but i don't think i
had that she would have that maxed out
so meet high tower dive and humping Jax
to no avail I him here puts on the
turrets go back five booths that's nice
go get blizzard and take that Howard and
the jungle is actually not the worst
thing you could do he actually works
well if you're able to position yourself
so your turrets with the shit out of
them while they're trying to run away I
in this case I just killed two people
put my turrets in a line and then they
were slowed indefinitely he's also
really strongly taking out dragon and
barren and pushing tower sets of all
what he does jiggle heimerdinger has
always been hard to great I mean he is a
pretty shitty champion right now and
he's also brew a really you know hard to
use as a jungler the thing is huy pham
other champions especially as a jungler
and thus he has to be great be graded on
a different spectrum in this case I as a
jungler he gets some well first watch
this is an actual game for the actions
of working here is jerrell hundred a
year Jax is flying renekton luring him
out renekton uses all his summer spells
and I think he was gonna try to jump on
Jax but he didn't he backed off then he
goes back in already when my church was
set up and takes a huge amount of
punishment from the turrets i guaran--
us a sliver of health flash forward and
hit him with a wrench in the back of his
knee he dies so that's dead renekton
anyways I yeah I know it's out spirit of
lizard elder my wrench is in my
abilities burn now fire wrenches kind of
thing but Jim comes in takes a huge
amount of punishment which was really
stupid over the way he approached this
no to Steph into it nonetheless the
jingle heimerdinger works as follows and
the jungler you push lanes you well
that's actually kind of
does push ladies you denied at the enemy
farm and you kind of encourage your team
too well you kind of encourage your team
to try to end the game quicker or at
least take advantage of your or at least
take advantage of your pushing ability
and force the game not to become a farm
fest like in this case we took top tower
mid tower is nearly destroyed and I've
been running around is causing my havoc
farm is pretty free low on everybody's
account axel renekton everybody else
kind of got shitty farm look at the mid
laner because of the early shenanigans
and pushing of the lane and just
pressure that was caused by hiring or
pushing I Vega could farm nothing so
there he's pretty much fucking useless
yahaira near will not really work in a
lot of team comes except push team comes
and that's kind of what i use them in
our last one had teemo and share we just
push relentlessly an enemy team but so
far was forced to try to fight early and
some characters in this game like
jackson veigar if they get no farm
they're pretty fucking worthless for a
long time again who deny champions are
mid lee and its high reading her just
push take out the tower now they got to
get farm some other way gold or whatever
and on someone like Vega who needs to do
damage in order or who needs items in
order to do I damage in order to kill
people to get more damage yeah he's
pretty bummed yeah he's six deaths but
I'm pretty sure the player was just
inexperienced and how to deal with being
ousted from the lane so far the factory
late versus LeBlanc wasn't you know
whatever Elaine versus LeBlanc wasn't
exactly helping him either and in this
case you can see Heimerdinger is just so
fucking annoying never fight near
stertorous or your days going to hell I
may be building a Dean at XP or some
stupid shit but I can still do a lot of
damage over time takes inserts being so
kind and good like heimerdinger doesn't
work right now mostly because in
teamfights he's ridiculously easy to
kill and his damage is pretty much pure
sustained so remember some mages was
sustained aren't exactly the best thing
out right now think of swaying and
Cassiopeia though Cassiopeia was really
good for a while
anyways I'll wit's end cuz you know I
have them matter which temperature
anyway and I try to do that little
turtle or a third thing trick before
taking out baron but it did not work so
now we're back to shooting at these
people i get x put that much hurts they
died renekton drives and gets pelted and
slowed by them lowering his resistance
isn't pretty much on I elating him so he
dies I throw you know I continiously
throw fire and some people heal them my
turrets are doing a lot of work and I'm
hoping my teammates kind of focus the
turrets but they're kind of trying to
kill the people right now so I'm trying
to take the other Nexus I can't really
do it by myself so they shew me away I
shoot things at people they miss they
got a lantern escape so by the way I go
back I feel an item i was building that
whole oh ok well i guess caitlyn is here
sonam able to push back forward go
thresh your money so she's adorable game
obviously gonna figure that out and
Thresh some people actually go is this a
normal gamer future thrashes yeah you
know it kind of just answered your own
question that said hooray for
Jingleheimer 10 euros a fang in fan
request and you can do that two of your
follow me on stream